[Workflows] Author workflows with natural language (#7629)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/ai-features/agent-builder/agents-and-workflows.md

There are three ways to use {{agent-builder}} and workflows together:

> * **Create workflows from Agent Chat** {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.5+` {applies_to}`serverless: ga`: Describe the automation you want in natural language, refine the generated draft, then open **Preview** and select **Save** to create it. Refer to [Create skills and workflows in chat](chat.md#create-skills-and-workflows-directly-from-chat). For natural language authoring inside the **Workflows** app, refer to [Author workflows with natural language](/explore-analyze/workflows/authoring-techniques/use-natural-language.md).

Reviewer: I noticed the ["Author workflows with natural language"](https://docs-v3-preview.elastic.dev/elastic/docs-content/pull/7629/explore-analyze/workflows/authoring-techniques/use-natural-language) page already mentions the [option](https://docs-v3-preview.elastic.dev/elastic/docs-content/pull/7629/explore-analyze/workflows/authoring-techniques/use-natural-language#workflows-nl-agent-chat) to create workflows from AB chat, so  I'm wondering if it's necessary to include that detail here. Removing it would allow the docs to emphasize the path from the workflow editor, which is the easier, more integrated, and likely better path overall. @tinnytintin10 or @Kiryous your thoughts on this are ofc welcome.  

```suggestion
* **Create workflows from Agent Chat**: Create and edit workflows by describing what you want [in plain language](/explore-analyze/workflows/authoring-techniques/use-natural-language.md). {{kib}} generates and updates the workflow YAML for you, so you can quickly build without memorizing step types or Liquid syntax. 
```

## Related pages
* [Tools overview](./tools.md)
* [Workflow tools](../agent-builder/tools/workflow-tools.md)

> * [Author workflows with natural language](/explore-analyze/workflows/authoring-techniques/use-natural-language.md)

Reviewer 2: This replaced `[Workflows](/explore-analyze/workflows.md)` rather than adding alongside it. Readers landing here from Agent Builder lose the only pointer to the Workflows landing page, and natural-language authoring is a narrower destination than what they had. Keep both?

```markdown
* [Workflows](/explore-analyze/workflows.md)
* [Author workflows with natural language](/explore-analyze/workflows/authoring-techniques/use-natural-language.md)
```

Author: The Workflows landing page is linked earlier on the page, so it was [suggested](https://github.com/elastic/docs-content/pull/7629#discussion_r3685190867) to drop it from the Related pages section.

## Related pages
* [Tools overview](./tools.md)
* [Workflow tools](../agent-builder/tools/workflow-tools.md)
* [Author workflows with natural language](/explore-analyze/workflows/authoring-techniques/use-natural-language.md)

> * [Workflows](/explore-analyze/workflows.md)

Reviewer: Already linked earlier in page.
```suggestion
```

Author: Removed in [b75d7f6](https://github.com/elastic/docs-content/pull/7629/commits/b75d7f6370fc2849ab60669f0f28364ea064b408).
